    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is HTML that introduces meaning and not just presenation on a web page. It helps organize your HTML and helps search engines, along with other people, find items in your HTML code easier.
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    It is used to add text,images and links to a web page. It is the raw material of a web design. 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of an element. They go in the opening tag of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used for the most important heading on a website. You should only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img tag and the a href tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title of the website.
    
    7. What is an id? 
    It is used to specify a style for a single unqique element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element in HTML.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once per element. 
    
    10. What is a class?
     Class is an attribute that specifies one or more class names for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    On any HTML element.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Use an anchor element.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Used for when the image is unable to be displayed. Provides alternative info regarding the image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    id = "reference here"

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div  
    The section tag defines a section in semantic HTML such as header, footer and other sections. Div defines a division in the HTML document and groups block elements together.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style the HTML, which includes colors, layout and fonts.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used to identify multiple elements on a page, wheras an id can only be used for a single element.
    You would use a class if you wanted to change all the elements in a specific section, such as class="info" in a header section. 
    You would use an id if you wanted to change a single element, such as id="myheader"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Using a period and then the name of class. For example .example{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It is a selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of that specified element.
    This would be useful because you dont have to repeat code and the child selector will already have the element you want.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a[href ="sidebar"] Review this guy
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a keyword added to a selecotr that specifies a special state of the selected element. 
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line height property
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase
    text-transform:lowercase
    text-transform: Capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
    border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The * element.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Start with /* and end with */
    cmd + / is the shortcut for macOS

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    The pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    The ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm followed by the name of the file. You have to be careful because the file will be deleted forever and there is no way to retrieve the file. 
   
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It helps keep track of changes made by yourself and others. It also makes it easier to revert to a different version if needed.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenever you add a new feature thats worth committing.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push-u origin branch name
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Step 1. Create your own version of Repo and fork.
    Step 2. Rename the file if necasary and make sure it forked.
    Step 3. Add your TL as a collabroator on the forked Repo.
    Step 4. Clone your Repo 
    Step 5. Inside the command line use the cd command to go to the directory where you will clone your forked Repo.
    Step 6. Use the git clone command to clone the Repo to the directory you are currently in.
    Step 7. cd into the newly created Repo.
    Step 8. Use the git checkout-b command to create your own branch name for the Repo. 
    Step 9. Work on the Repo at this stage.
    Step 10. Add and commit changes to your branch.
    Step 11. Push your changes back up to your Github repo
    Step 12. Submit a pull request
    Step 2.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

